As the title says, this is a list of modules that we wrote at least some content for in AllThingsMazzy, though many are closer to Easter eggs than full crossmod coding.

I'm likely forgetting something in our enormous mod so this may not be a full list, but it should at least give you an idea of which mods you may want to run with ATM. This also isn't every mod that ATM is compatible with since that would be much longer and far less interesting.


NPC Romances (Most of this crossmod content is triggered with scripts, so it generally shouldn't matter which mod you install first. However, we can't 100% guarantee that the 'no duplicate epilogues' component will work correctly for mods installed after ATM): 

-De'Arnise Romance (Accounted for with the Mazzy romance and a particular Clara scene)
-Edwin Romance (Accounted for by the Mazzy romance & the Clara scene. He also has an additional talk with Mazzy toward the end of his romance and another talk if you breakup with him for her.
-Haer'Dalis Romance (Several additions to the Mazzy romance and a much longer section for that Clara scene.)
-Imoen Romance (A number of the Mazzy-Imoen talks have alternate versions with an active Imoen romance. It also adds additional options and talks to the Mazzy romance as well)
-Keldorn Romance (The standard Mazzy romance & Clara scene checks)
-Sarevok Romance (Accounted for by the Mazzy romance and our odd Viconia romance. There's also an extra talk if you choose Mazzy over him)
-Yoshimo Romance (The standard Mazzy romance & Clara scene checks)

Other Mods:
Alternatives (Mostly a few dialogue variants and responses to existing lines)
Imoen4Ever (Allows a few Imoen lines to trigger that you likely wouldn't see otherwise)


Everything from this section down must be installed before AllThingsMazzy for the crossmod content to trigger properly:

Compatibility Fix:

NPC Strongholds  (Without this fix, there's one section where the Keldorn/Order of the Radiant Heart option can interrupt the Mazzy romance quest.)


NPC Mods with a bit more content:

Alora  (A halfling script and some minor ForTheEvil dialogues)
Nephele  (A halfling script)
Petsy  (A halfling script)
Saradas (Clara Banters and some minor ForTheEvil dialogues)
SmilingImp's Alora (Halfling script)
Wilson Chronicles (We mostly built upon their style for Clara banters and the Jaheira romance. But we did borrow some of their code - with permission - in case you install ATM first or don't have this one at all)

NPC Mods with some minor lines of dialogue (ForTheEvil only):

Adrian
Ajantis
Angelo
Anishai
Aran Whitehand
Arath
Branwen
Coran
Faren
Foundling
Gavin
Isra
LuxleySOA
Nathaniel
Ninde
Paina
Sirene
Skie
Tiax
Tyris
Willowisp
Xan
Yeslick
Smiling Imp's BG1 NPCs 

Other Mods with some minor lines of dialogue (ForTheEvil only):

ARestorationP
Back to Brynnlaw
Quest Pack (by SimDing0)
CoM Encounters  (by Chosen of Mystra)
G3 Anniversary
I Shall Never Forget (ISNF)
Romantic Encounters

Mods where some of the scripts are used in ForTheEvil:

Assassinations
Aran Whitehand
G3 Anniversary
Gavin BG2 Mod
Innershade
Yoshimo Romance
